hello just we in corn are professional
Burnett cameraman forget about LSD
cocaine marijuana ecstasy cups the new
thing you push me in why man you get
hide you put it over your third eye
after 45 years of stages is that is the
easiest thing I do it's like breathing
you know I all I do is I remind people
what they forgot about freedom you know
in your innocence today when you smile
at people they think you have you want
something there's expectations when
reality smile is one of the greatest
weapons you have it's a weapon of mass
construction not destruction
everything's simple in life everything
but we make it complicated you know this
is one thing you gotta learn one thing
you got to know is that we have the same
heart in mind
clowns are outlaws we're rebels
renegades
we're soldiers fighting for humanity I
hate my I hate juggling I hate mmm
firing I hate magic I hate all that's
roller skiing stunts but I do them all
because they're a vehicle for me to
communicate the simplest exercise I can
tell you is if I ask you and your
viewers or your people on the net and
you try this experiment you stand in
front of a mirror and for one minute you
smile as big as you can like the Sun is
saying that's your ass after one minute
you stop and then once you stop you
discover something really profound after
one minute of smiling your face hurts
most people live their life in hell on
earth me I live my life where in heaven
I live every day I guess the last one
and one day it will be but I live my
life full
Oh blow me Seuss my big sis wah Tony I
want you to suck on my dick wait